README.md, before:

# Advantech MIC-AI Product Series

Advantech AI Edge Solutions – MIC Jetson series, powered by full NVIDIA® Jetson™ platform, which gets all the performance of a GPU workstation in an embedded module.Featuring strict validation to ensure thermal, mechanical, and electrical compatibility, plus industrial-grade anti-vibration, high temperature operation capabilities, and modular, compact-sized design, Advantech’s MIC Jetson series are perfect hardware platforms for the surveillance, transportation, and manufacturing sectors.

![](https://advcloudfiles.advantech.com/cms/b57dfa32-3b50-46fc-8930-6475dd67fd3e/Content/og.jpg)

## Visit MIC-AI Product Series

- [AI Developer Kit, Solution Kit & Peripheral](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-developer-kit-solution-kit--peripheral/sub_d843578f-4f6f-41b1-aa5a-fdfdbdcd7d2b)
- [AI Computer Systems](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-computer-systems/sub_965e4edb-fb98-429e-89ed-9a0a8435a7be)
- [AI Rugged System & AI NVR](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-rugged-system-ai-nvr-/sub_7514cce2-46ae-4b55-ac6d-b9698a6fb448)
- [AI Camera](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-camera/sub_ce666c81-b9fc-4675-b7aa-0c16ce758636)
- [AI IGX System](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-igx-system/sub_f5ae6d7f-14c2-4c4d-b027-448808aba483)

## Resources for MIC-AI Product Series

Partners and users of the MIC-AI Product Series can find comprehensive resources—including BSPs, reflashing SOPs, release notes, and more—in this repository's [wiki](https://github.com/advantech-edge-ai/MIC-AI/wiki).

📌 For quick access to frequently downloaded resources, refer to the table below.

| Products      | MIC BSP Package          | How to Reflash BSP |
|---------------|--------------------------|--------------------|
| MIC-710AI   | [MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.0](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJhANbdXfoBxSA7g8ZL_rRQ/MIC-710AI/MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AO0cOUE36ilGHkN2oXdDnKE/MIC-710AI/MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710AIL  | [MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.1](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMf524feBVXOuU4CMYzt7yc/MIC-710AIL/MIC-710AIL_Nano_4.6_V1.2_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMg5WIeOmwGqvdQpacVi708/MIC-710AIL/MIC-710AIL_Nano_4.6_V1.2_DiskFlash/MIC-710AIL_Nano_4.6_V1.2_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710AILX   | [MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.2](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AE203f9WMCY4a63SrFb1rlM/MIC-710AILT/MIC-710AILT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ANsNNV5I2C-iRDXLrfNQ2jM/MIC-710AILT/MIC-710AILT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-710AILT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710AIT    | [MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.3](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AOWQ8r59A36XBeeTdrlBA1I/MIC-710AIT/MIC-710AIT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AKJp3i59lF9EGRv2YC_pepM/MIC-710AIT/MIC-710AIT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-710AIT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710AIX    | [MIC-710AIX_NX_5.1.2_V1.0.7_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/APXwxTe382WUr5ReA5NJub4/MIC-710AIX/MIC-710AIX_NX_5.1.2_V1.0.7_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AITPg21lirRpeI8l4X7LbHw/MIC-710AIX/MIC-710AIX_NX_5.1.2_V1.0.7_SDK/MIC-710AIX_NX_5.1.2_V1.0.7_SDK_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710IVA    | [MIC-710IVA_Nano_4.4-GA_V0.2_Mass-Flash](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMBgavQcw-TNYTheSRi4JG8/MIC-710IVA/MIC-710IVA_Nano_4.4-GA_V0.2_Mass-Flash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEID_lFKWBcbKnfxn9YpsNU/MIC-710IVA/MIC-710IVA_Nano_4.4-GA_V0.2_Mass-Flash/MIC-710IVA_Nano_4.4-GA_V0.2_Mass-Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710IVX    | [MIC-710IVX_NX_4.6_V0.2_DiskFlash](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AAB5i5DhizDwfymN9P5ZqD8/MIC-710IVX/MIC-710IVX_NX_4.6_V0.2_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHO3_k1lXYWCRmtVBL8y4T0/MIC-710IVX/MIC-710IVX_NX_4.6_V0.2_DiskFlash/MIC-710IVX_NX_4.6_V0.2_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-ON2A1 | [MIC-711ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJoGY-gOnIveViZKkHG2jHs/MIC-711(D)-ON/MIC-711(D)-ON2A1/MIC-711ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJUeDdkopHa7m0m8TNUR-7s/MIC-711%28D%29-ON/MIC-711%28D%29-ON2A1/MIC-711ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-711-ON_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-ON3A1 | [MIC-711ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AO6EpxrZ2bv5raBayWc6tXk/MIC-711(D)-ON/MIC-711(D)-ON3A1/MIC-711ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACmCoERJLyQ82_4VpLQJGao/MIC-711%28D%29-ON/MIC-711%28D%29-ON3A1/MIC-711ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-711-ON_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-OX3A1 | [MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AAm5Tye-oWGArbCTyL8BhMI/MIC-711(D)-OX/MIC-711(D)-OX3A1/MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AFkSZyIzuLpXJX6n4ojTFOY/MIC-711%28D%29-OX/MIC-711%28D%29-OX3A1/MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-711-OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-OX3A1 | [MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJ8ceCeExz4BDe-rW1KggdI/MIC-711(D)-OX/MIC-711(D)-OX3A1/MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACdfmw9B4mrGHcKz6z0Oci4/MIC-711%28D%29-OX/MIC-711%28D%29-OX3A1/MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-711%28D%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-OX4A1 | [MIC-711_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AE5_sJfEJKiA6FGt0LHXcFg/MIC-711(D)-OX/MIC-711(D)-OX4A1/MIC-711_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMX5Y1jlJLhyPblNCBgRQ-c/MIC-711%28D%29-OX/MIC-711%28D%29-OX4A1/MIC-711_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-711-OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-OX4A1 | [MIC-711_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJJqprc7Fn4jM6ZA2GcdChw/MIC-711(D)-OX/MIC-711(D)-OX4A1/MIC-711_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEwuWxXTyzttRo7C2JRUFzE/MIC-711%28D%29-OX/MIC-711%28D%29-OX4A1/MIC-711_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-711%28D%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-ON2A1 | [MIC-713ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AINfmSdMnzV3R6d7g3ogBts/MIC-713(S)-ON/MIC-713(S)-ON2A1/MIC-713ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/APtZK9TRJddlH9fJgJaMeEM/MIC-713%28S%29-ON/MIC-713%28S%29-ON2A1/MIC-713ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29-ON_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-ON2A1 | [MIC-713ON_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ADXoYqCHuJP0_tTleAoOwNM/MIC-713(S)-ON/MIC-713(S)-ON2A1/MIC-713ON_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ADkCA1ex6ruqdDoLJ_lTd94/MIC-713%28S%29-ON/MIC-713%28S%29-ON2A1/MIC-713ON_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-ON3A1 | [MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACTZwy3wA5xSwhkm-yE1Ub0/MIC-713(S)-ON/MIC-713(S)-ON3A1/MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJAC1SNm8Vh_JX78pUiUSZw/MIC-713%28S%29-ON/MIC-713%28S%29-ON3A1/MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29-ON_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-ON3A1 | [MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACDsj6GvtJiDhBG-3q4K3S0/MIC-713(S)-ON/MIC-713(S)-ON3A1/MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEQiX2b2f5tRZDtvlEpSZDY/MIC-713%28S%29-ON/MIC-713%28S%29-ON3A1/MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-OX3A1 | [MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACiZbpG62a1yS7_QPibgTJk/MIC-713(S)-OX/MIC-713(S)-OX3A1/MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AGf2NiAjZ6x3Ngfsfx_Aq2c/MIC-713%28S%29-OX/MIC-713%28S%29-OX3A1/MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29-OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-OX3A1 | [MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.0_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AKFxgapFIr4sxr3eGCQBbVU/MIC-713(S)-OX/MIC-713(S)-OX3A1/MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.0_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AA4ZWO4tQi7hLACtdG3357s/MIC-713%28S%29-OX/MIC-713%28S%29-OX3A1/MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.0_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-OX4A1 | [MIC-713_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AD985SvdLJMGI_giIVtkZGc/MIC-713(S)-OX/MIC-713(S)-OX4A1/MIC-713_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AH7YYxqGElUFmvsEuyFYoLY/MIC-713%28S%29-OX/MIC-713%28S%29-OX4A1/MIC-713_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29-OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-OX4A1 | [MIC-713_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.5_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AFzGXpCisSjg6LmvukvC8x0/MIC-713(S)-OX/MIC-713(S)-OX4A1/MIC-713_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.5_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJPaQ7wDKVGZCFhBCsmAMVE/MIC-713%28S%29-OX/MIC-713%28S%29-OX4A1/MIC-713_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.5_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-715NX     | [MIC-715_NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHXRIwOyreD0164UqTnVO2o/MIC-715-NX/MIC-715_NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AIeO_NzQ-hGQg8ILmXKSC34/MIC-715-NX/MIC-715_NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-715_NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-715-OX4A1 | [MIC-715OX_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.10_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMyd4cf8Uog4YIjZ8j34LFk/MIC-715-OX/MIC-715-OX4A1/MIC-715OX_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.10_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEKzK-yIr0RG3saXzTUGHXI/MIC-715-OX/MIC-715-OX4A1/MIC-715OX_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.10_SDK/MIC-715OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-715-OX4A1 | [MIC-715OX_OrinNX_6.0_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ABNoys5Kug9Zy601P5oU9j4/MIC-715-OX/MIC-715-OX4A1/MIC-715OX_OrinNX_6.0_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ANpXwLAIFagX7WwsxaZM9-4/MIC-715-OX/MIC-715-OX4A1/MIC-715OX_OrinNX_6.0_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-715OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-730AI     | [MIC-730AI_Xavier_5.1.3_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AKY1Fnv5HgXxVMm0GUUwJ0Y/MIC-730AI/MIC-730AI_Xavier_5.1.3_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEOo1TZKkq83s3BDy6pOLxY/MIC-730AI/MIC-730AI_Xavier_5.1.3_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-730AI_Xavier_5.1.3_V1.0.3_SDK_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-730IVA    | [MIC-730IVA_Xavier_4.6_V1.0](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AOmX5kwahXCcvS0zRjpqVoQ/MIC-730IVA/MIC-730IVA_Xavier_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AGZjICoshi36iIjk1CEi6W4/MIC-730IVA/MIC-730IVA_Xavier_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-730IVA_Xavier_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-732-AO6A1 | [MIC-732_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.14_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/APy5QluK8gQgFOBbfrfbgWk/MIC-732(D)-AO/MIC-732(D)-AO6A1/MIC-732_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.14_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AE9-EXCOnx5jqNvL1iIZRsU/MIC-732%28D%29-AO/MIC-732%28D%29-AO6A1/MIC-732_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.14_SDK/MIC-732%28D%29-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO5A1 | [MIC-733AO_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ALw8XpeJdWg4riIqTwR0QTo/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AIGOuhfUTyb8uheJ_tznLOY/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO5A1 | [MIC-733AO_Orin_6.0_V1.0.5_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEkb5ZXJfGv4_cJX0d_lUEo/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_6.0_V1.0.5_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AAjA1fgBAon4m1hXmBK7sbQ/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_6.0_V1.0.5_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO5A1 | [MIC-733AO_Orin_6.1_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHYeNHHF142AOSl3uziSBPM/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_6.1_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHcL5I-jyBKM6NRy1ZpP5GA/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_6.1_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO6A1 | [MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMndxlPeIpJ_1qpi7slT2OE/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AFpx5bkovXDlPtrOnexqiCk/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO6A1 | [MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.6_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/APIHbn_bwGZCtFkXBg_HZQ4/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.6_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AKKnTOPIx98DFlA4o0HnWCg/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.6_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO6A1 | [MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.1_V1.0.0_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AFbMN0hYIZ1IbvjvtN1sFqY/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.1_V1.0.0_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHOaNVRxFrdsiKCJjkrvEdc/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.1_V1.0.0_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |

## AI Applications on MIC-AI: Advantech Edge AI and More

The MIC-AI Product Series is designed to support a wide range of AI applications, making it easier to deploy and optimize models at the edge. To help users get started, the [Advantech Edge AI](https://github.com/advantech-EdgeAI/) provides several production-ready applications that can be readily installed and used.

### Deploying DeepSeek

DeepSeek is a powerful AI model that can be installed and deployed on MIC-AI devices. Follow the steps below to set up DeepSeek on your MIC-AI system:

1. Make NVIDIA's Jetson apt source available
   ```sh
   gedit /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-l4t-apt-source.list
   ```
   Uncomment the lines as the following:
   ```sh
   deb https://repo.download.nvidia.com/jetson/common r36.3 main
   deb https://repo.download.nvidia.com/jetson/t234 r36.3 main
   deb https://repo.download.nvidia.com/jetson/ffmpeg r36.3 main
   ```
2. Manually install cuda, tensorrt, opencv, and Docker
   ```sh
   sudo apt-get update
   sudo apt-get install nvidia-l4t-dla-compiler
   sudo apt-get install nvidia-cuda-dev nvidia-tensorrt-dev nvidia-vpi-dev nvidia-opencv-dev nvidia-cudnn-dev tensorrt
   sudo apt-get install apt-utils
   sudo curl https://get.docker.com | sh && sudo systemctl --now enable docker
   sudo systemctl restart docker
   ```
   If Docker cannot start up successfully due to network/firewall issues, please try to configure the firewall setting to legacy:
   ```sh
   sudo update-alternatives --set iptables /usr/sbin/iptables-legacy
   sudo update-alternatives --set ip6tables /usr/sbin/ip6tables-legacy
   ```
3. Install Ollama and run deepseek-r1
   ```sh
   curl -fsSL https://ollama.ai/install.sh > install.sh
   sudo sh install.sh
   ollama –version
   export OLLAMA_HOST=127.0.0.1:11434
   ollama pull deepseek-r1:1.5b
   ollama run deepseek-r1:1.5b --keepalive 1h --verbose
   ```
For more AI applications and ready-to-use solutions, visit the [Advantech Edge AI](https://github.com/advantech-EdgeAI/).

Commit message:

Add info for wiki still under construction

README.md, after:

# Advantech MIC-AI Product Series

Advantech AI Edge Solutions – MIC Jetson series, powered by full NVIDIA® Jetson™ platform, which gets all the performance of a GPU workstation in an embedded module.Featuring strict validation to ensure thermal, mechanical, and electrical compatibility, plus industrial-grade anti-vibration, high temperature operation capabilities, and modular, compact-sized design, Advantech’s MIC Jetson series are perfect hardware platforms for the surveillance, transportation, and manufacturing sectors.

![](https://advcloudfiles.advantech.com/cms/b57dfa32-3b50-46fc-8930-6475dd67fd3e/Content/og.jpg)

## Visit MIC-AI Product Series

- [AI Developer Kit, Solution Kit & Peripheral](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-developer-kit-solution-kit--peripheral/sub_d843578f-4f6f-41b1-aa5a-fdfdbdcd7d2b)
- [AI Computer Systems](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-computer-systems/sub_965e4edb-fb98-429e-89ed-9a0a8435a7be)
- [AI Rugged System & AI NVR](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-rugged-system-ai-nvr-/sub_7514cce2-46ae-4b55-ac6d-b9698a6fb448)
- [AI Camera](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-camera/sub_ce666c81-b9fc-4675-b7aa-0c16ce758636)
- [AI IGX System](https://www.advantech.com/en/products/ai-igx-system/sub_f5ae6d7f-14c2-4c4d-b027-448808aba483)

## Resources for MIC-AI Product Series

Partners and users of the MIC-AI Product Series can find comprehensive resources—including BSPs, reflashing SOPs, release notes, and more—in this repository's [wiki](https://github.com/advantech-edge-ai/MIC-AI/wiki) (_under construction, for now please use the table below_).

📌 For quick access to frequently downloaded resources, refer to the table below.

| Products      | MIC BSP Package          | How to Reflash BSP |
|---------------|--------------------------|--------------------|
| MIC-710AI   | [MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.0](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJhANbdXfoBxSA7g8ZL_rRQ/MIC-710AI/MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AO0cOUE36ilGHkN2oXdDnKE/MIC-710AI/MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710AIL  | [MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.1](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMf524feBVXOuU4CMYzt7yc/MIC-710AIL/MIC-710AIL_Nano_4.6_V1.2_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMg5WIeOmwGqvdQpacVi708/MIC-710AIL/MIC-710AIL_Nano_4.6_V1.2_DiskFlash/MIC-710AIL_Nano_4.6_V1.2_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710AILX   | [MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.2](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AE203f9WMCY4a63SrFb1rlM/MIC-710AILT/MIC-710AILT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ANsNNV5I2C-iRDXLrfNQ2jM/MIC-710AILT/MIC-710AILT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-710AILT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710AIT    | [MIC-710AI_Nano_4.6_V1.3](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AOWQ8r59A36XBeeTdrlBA1I/MIC-710AIT/MIC-710AIT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AKJp3i59lF9EGRv2YC_pepM/MIC-710AIT/MIC-710AIT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-710AIT_TX2NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710AIX    | [MIC-710AIX_NX_5.1.2_V1.0.7_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/APXwxTe382WUr5ReA5NJub4/MIC-710AIX/MIC-710AIX_NX_5.1.2_V1.0.7_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AITPg21lirRpeI8l4X7LbHw/MIC-710AIX/MIC-710AIX_NX_5.1.2_V1.0.7_SDK/MIC-710AIX_NX_5.1.2_V1.0.7_SDK_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710IVA    | [MIC-710IVA_Nano_4.4-GA_V0.2_Mass-Flash](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMBgavQcw-TNYTheSRi4JG8/MIC-710IVA/MIC-710IVA_Nano_4.4-GA_V0.2_Mass-Flash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEID_lFKWBcbKnfxn9YpsNU/MIC-710IVA/MIC-710IVA_Nano_4.4-GA_V0.2_Mass-Flash/MIC-710IVA_Nano_4.4-GA_V0.2_Mass-Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-710IVX    | [MIC-710IVX_NX_4.6_V0.2_DiskFlash](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AAB5i5DhizDwfymN9P5ZqD8/MIC-710IVX/MIC-710IVX_NX_4.6_V0.2_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHO3_k1lXYWCRmtVBL8y4T0/MIC-710IVX/MIC-710IVX_NX_4.6_V0.2_DiskFlash/MIC-710IVX_NX_4.6_V0.2_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-ON2A1 | [MIC-711ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJoGY-gOnIveViZKkHG2jHs/MIC-711(D)-ON/MIC-711(D)-ON2A1/MIC-711ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJUeDdkopHa7m0m8TNUR-7s/MIC-711%28D%29-ON/MIC-711%28D%29-ON2A1/MIC-711ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-711-ON_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-ON3A1 | [MIC-711ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AO6EpxrZ2bv5raBayWc6tXk/MIC-711(D)-ON/MIC-711(D)-ON3A1/MIC-711ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACmCoERJLyQ82_4VpLQJGao/MIC-711%28D%29-ON/MIC-711%28D%29-ON3A1/MIC-711ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-711-ON_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-OX3A1 | [MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AAm5Tye-oWGArbCTyL8BhMI/MIC-711(D)-OX/MIC-711(D)-OX3A1/MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AFkSZyIzuLpXJX6n4ojTFOY/MIC-711%28D%29-OX/MIC-711%28D%29-OX3A1/MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-711-OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-OX3A1 | [MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJ8ceCeExz4BDe-rW1KggdI/MIC-711(D)-OX/MIC-711(D)-OX3A1/MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACdfmw9B4mrGHcKz6z0Oci4/MIC-711%28D%29-OX/MIC-711%28D%29-OX3A1/MIC-711_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-711%28D%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-OX4A1 | [MIC-711_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AE5_sJfEJKiA6FGt0LHXcFg/MIC-711(D)-OX/MIC-711(D)-OX4A1/MIC-711_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMX5Y1jlJLhyPblNCBgRQ-c/MIC-711%28D%29-OX/MIC-711%28D%29-OX4A1/MIC-711_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-711-OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-711-OX4A1 | [MIC-711_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJJqprc7Fn4jM6ZA2GcdChw/MIC-711(D)-OX/MIC-711(D)-OX4A1/MIC-711_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEwuWxXTyzttRo7C2JRUFzE/MIC-711%28D%29-OX/MIC-711%28D%29-OX4A1/MIC-711_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-711%28D%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-ON2A1 | [MIC-713ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AINfmSdMnzV3R6d7g3ogBts/MIC-713(S)-ON/MIC-713(S)-ON2A1/MIC-713ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/APtZK9TRJddlH9fJgJaMeEM/MIC-713%28S%29-ON/MIC-713%28S%29-ON2A1/MIC-713ON_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29-ON_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-ON2A1 | [MIC-713ON_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ADXoYqCHuJP0_tTleAoOwNM/MIC-713(S)-ON/MIC-713(S)-ON2A1/MIC-713ON_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ADkCA1ex6ruqdDoLJ_lTd94/MIC-713%28S%29-ON/MIC-713%28S%29-ON2A1/MIC-713ON_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-ON3A1 | [MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACTZwy3wA5xSwhkm-yE1Ub0/MIC-713(S)-ON/MIC-713(S)-ON3A1/MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJAC1SNm8Vh_JX78pUiUSZw/MIC-713%28S%29-ON/MIC-713%28S%29-ON3A1/MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29-ON_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-ON3A1 | [MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACDsj6GvtJiDhBG-3q4K3S0/MIC-713(S)-ON/MIC-713(S)-ON3A1/MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEQiX2b2f5tRZDtvlEpSZDY/MIC-713%28S%29-ON/MIC-713%28S%29-ON3A1/MIC-713ON_8G_OrinNano_6.0.0_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-OX3A1 | [MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ACiZbpG62a1yS7_QPibgTJk/MIC-713(S)-OX/MIC-713(S)-OX3A1/MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AGf2NiAjZ6x3Ngfsfx_Aq2c/MIC-713%28S%29-OX/MIC-713%28S%29-OX3A1/MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29-OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-OX3A1 | [MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.0_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AKFxgapFIr4sxr3eGCQBbVU/MIC-713(S)-OX/MIC-713(S)-OX3A1/MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.0_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AA4ZWO4tQi7hLACtdG3357s/MIC-713%28S%29-OX/MIC-713%28S%29-OX3A1/MIC-713_8GB_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.0_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-OX4A1 | [MIC-713_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AD985SvdLJMGI_giIVtkZGc/MIC-713(S)-OX/MIC-713(S)-OX4A1/MIC-713_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AH7YYxqGElUFmvsEuyFYoLY/MIC-713%28S%29-OX/MIC-713%28S%29-OX4A1/MIC-713_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29-OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-713-OX4A1 | [MIC-713_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.5_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AFzGXpCisSjg6LmvukvC8x0/MIC-713(S)-OX/MIC-713(S)-OX4A1/MIC-713_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.5_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AJPaQ7wDKVGZCFhBCsmAMVE/MIC-713%28S%29-OX/MIC-713%28S%29-OX4A1/MIC-713_OrinNX_6.0.0_V1.0.5_SDK/MIC-713%28S%29_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-715NX     | [MIC-715_NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHXRIwOyreD0164UqTnVO2o/MIC-715-NX/MIC-715_NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AIeO_NzQ-hGQg8ILmXKSC34/MIC-715-NX/MIC-715_NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-715_NX_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-715-OX4A1 | [MIC-715OX_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.10_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMyd4cf8Uog4YIjZ8j34LFk/MIC-715-OX/MIC-715-OX4A1/MIC-715OX_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.10_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEKzK-yIr0RG3saXzTUGHXI/MIC-715-OX/MIC-715-OX4A1/MIC-715OX_OrinNX_5.1.2_V1.0.10_SDK/MIC-715OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-715-OX4A1 | [MIC-715OX_OrinNX_6.0_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ABNoys5Kug9Zy601P5oU9j4/MIC-715-OX/MIC-715-OX4A1/MIC-715OX_OrinNX_6.0_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ANpXwLAIFagX7WwsxaZM9-4/MIC-715-OX/MIC-715-OX4A1/MIC-715OX_OrinNX_6.0_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-715OX_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-730AI     | [MIC-730AI_Xavier_5.1.3_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AKY1Fnv5HgXxVMm0GUUwJ0Y/MIC-730AI/MIC-730AI_Xavier_5.1.3_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEOo1TZKkq83s3BDy6pOLxY/MIC-730AI/MIC-730AI_Xavier_5.1.3_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-730AI_Xavier_5.1.3_V1.0.3_SDK_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-730IVA    | [MIC-730IVA_Xavier_4.6_V1.0](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AOmX5kwahXCcvS0zRjpqVoQ/MIC-730IVA/MIC-730IVA_Xavier_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AGZjICoshi36iIjk1CEi6W4/MIC-730IVA/MIC-730IVA_Xavier_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash/MIC-730IVA_Xavier_4.6_V1.0_DiskFlash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-732-AO6A1 | [MIC-732_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.14_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/APy5QluK8gQgFOBbfrfbgWk/MIC-732(D)-AO/MIC-732(D)-AO6A1/MIC-732_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.14_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AE9-EXCOnx5jqNvL1iIZRsU/MIC-732%28D%29-AO/MIC-732%28D%29-AO6A1/MIC-732_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.14_SDK/MIC-732%28D%29-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO5A1 | [MIC-733AO_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/ALw8XpeJdWg4riIqTwR0QTo/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AIGOuhfUTyb8uheJ_tznLOY/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.3_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO5A1 | [MIC-733AO_Orin_6.0_V1.0.5_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AEkb5ZXJfGv4_cJX0d_lUEo/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_6.0_V1.0.5_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AAjA1fgBAon4m1hXmBK7sbQ/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_6.0_V1.0.5_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO5A1 | [MIC-733AO_Orin_6.1_V1.0.1_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHYeNHHF142AOSl3uziSBPM/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_6.1_V1.0.1_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHcL5I-jyBKM6NRy1ZpP5GA/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO5A1/MIC-733AO_Orin_6.1_V1.0.1_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO6A1 | [MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AMndxlPeIpJ_1qpi7slT2OE/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AFpx5bkovXDlPtrOnexqiCk/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_5.1.2_V1.0.2_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO6A1 | [MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.6_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/APIHbn_bwGZCtFkXBg_HZQ4/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.6_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AKKnTOPIx98DFlA4o0HnWCg/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.0_V1.0.6_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |
| MIC-733-AO6A1 | [MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.1_V1.0.0_SDK](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AFbMN0hYIZ1IbvjvtN1sFqY/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.1_V1.0.0_SDK?dl=0&rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&subfolder_nav_tracking=1) | [SOP](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/dr6zcn9vfq8eokdh9uug0/AHOaNVRxFrdsiKCJjkrvEdc/MIC-733-AO/MIC-733-AO6A1/MIC-733AO_64G_Orin_6.1_V1.0.0_SDK/MIC-733-AO_Flash_SOP.pdf?rlkey=css95k1m3b0698nn4wrvwisva&dl=0) |

## AI Applications on MIC-AI: Advantech Edge AI and More

The MIC-AI Product Series is designed to support a wide range of AI applications, making it easier to deploy and optimize models at the edge. To help users get started, the [Advantech Edge AI](https://github.com/advantech-EdgeAI/) provides several production-ready applications that can be readily installed and used.

### Deploying DeepSeek

DeepSeek is a powerful AI model that can be installed and deployed on MIC-AI devices. Follow the steps below to set up DeepSeek on your MIC-AI system:

1. Make NVIDIA's Jetson apt source available
   ```sh
   gedit /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-l4t-apt-source.list
   ```
   Uncomment the lines as the following:
   ```sh
   deb https://repo.download.nvidia.com/jetson/common r36.3 main
   deb https://repo.download.nvidia.com/jetson/t234 r36.3 main
   deb https://repo.download.nvidia.com/jetson/ffmpeg r36.3 main
   ```
2. Manually install cuda, tensorrt, opencv, and Docker
   ```sh
   sudo apt-get update
   sudo apt-get install nvidia-l4t-dla-compiler
   sudo apt-get install nvidia-cuda-dev nvidia-tensorrt-dev nvidia-vpi-dev nvidia-opencv-dev nvidia-cudnn-dev tensorrt
   sudo apt-get install apt-utils
   sudo curl https://get.docker.com | sh && sudo systemctl --now enable docker
   sudo systemctl restart docker
   ```
   If Docker cannot start up successfully due to network/firewall issues, please try to configure the firewall setting to legacy:
   ```sh
   sudo update-alternatives --set iptables /usr/sbin/iptables-legacy
   sudo update-alternatives --set ip6tables /usr/sbin/ip6tables-legacy
   ```
3. Install Ollama and run deepseek-r1
   ```sh
   curl -fsSL https://ollama.ai/install.sh > install.sh
   sudo sh install.sh
   ollama –version
   export OLLAMA_HOST=127.0.0.1:11434
   ollama pull deepseek-r1:1.5b
   ollama run deepseek-r1:1.5b --keepalive 1h --verbose
   ```
For more AI applications and ready-to-use solutions, visit the [Advantech Edge AI](https://github.com/advantech-EdgeAI/).
